{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19780\viewh25040\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \
PEDALMANIA EXERCISE
\b0 \
This exercise is open book and open internet. \
\

\b You do not have to make your own grid. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Feel free to use one generated at the variable grid system website. I have also included a grid and reset file with this download.\
Hint: 12 columns are usually a good bet.\
Feel free, if you want, to make your own grid scheme.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Typographic Details
\b0 \
Go to the Typographic Scale website: http://type-scale.com.\
\
The scale used in the example is an Augmented Fourth, with a few minor alterations, particularly at narrow breakpoints.\
\
Copy the CSS for this scale from the website.\
\
The font used for the most of the header elements is called 
\i Fontdiner Swanky.
\i0  \
The font used for the figcaption for the images is called 
\i Unkempt. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 Both are from Google.\
\
The font stack for the navigation items is lucida sans typewriter, arial black, sans-serif.\
\
All other type is set in georgia, times, times new roman, serif.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Colors
\b0 \
Header and Footer background: #324654;\
Header and Footer type (other than the white also used): #E3CBAC;\
\
\

\b YOUR TASK 
\b0 \
Produce a web page whose responsive layout is as close as possible to those in these two files found in Screenshots/FullPage:\
\

\i 	ScreenShot-Large.png\
	ScreenShot-Small.png\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 Open these screenshots in Preview and go View < Actual Size to see the layouts.\
\
You will need to add HTML to the file I\'92ve provided, but you shouldn\'92t need to change any that is already there for you. \
\
There are two articles in this page: the H1, H2, H3 structuring should show you where you need to add the actual article tags.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Remember, it doesn\'92t have to be perfect. Do not spend inordinate amounts of time on small details. 
\b0 \
\
Check, also, the marking breakdown at the bottom of this page, so you know what to focus on.\
\

\b ADDITIONAL DETAILS\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 There are a few files in Screenshots/Details which illustrate what follows.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
Links:
\b0 \
Menu items in header and footer will have a translucent background on hover, as shown in the 
\i Screenshot-MenuItemHover 
\i0 file.\
\

\b Product Names:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Styled as in the 
\i ScreenShot-FigCaption 
\i0 file.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
Table:
\b0 \
Alternating rows will be striped a light grey.\
\

\b Headers & Footers:
\b0 \
A background image is set using a translucent png called 
\i marshall-schematic-6opacity.png. 
\i0 You still must use a background color too, to get the effect in the example.
\i \
\

\i0\b Search Form\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 The search form uses an icon font from icomoon for the label. You will need to go to IcoMoon and generate a single-character icon font for this exercise. Do not copy one you\'92ve used before.
\i \
\

\i0 Use \'93Search\'94 as the Form Field Label element text. If you can\'92t make the IcoMoon font work, keep the Label visible.\
\
I\'92d probably do the Search form styling last, as the other tasks are easier.
\i \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i0\b \cf0 FOR 20% BONUS MARKS\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Figure out how to make the Table Responsive in the manner illustrated in the 
\i ScreenShot-ExtraSmall 
\i0 file. \
\
If you are not going for the bonus marks, you need not concern yourself with the 
\i ScreenShot-ExtraSmall.png
\i0  file.
\i \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i0\b \cf0 MARKING MATRIX\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
Gallery			5\
Table			2\
Search Form		2\
Article Text		2\
Menus			2\
Article List			1\
Backgrounds		1\
\
Possible Bonus: 	3\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 WHEN YOU ARE DONE, HAND IN THE SITE FOLDER IN THE HANDIN AREA ON STUDENTSHARE.
\i\b0 \
}